WHAT IS OOP?

a) Principle of design and development of programs using modular approach.POP forcuses on processing
of instructions in order to perform a desired computation.

b) Combinesboth the data and function that operate into a single unit called the object

OOPS PRINCIPLES

a) Encapsulation
    Process of binding data members (variables, properties) and member functions into a single unit.
    Outside world cannot access the data.

b) Abstraction
    It refers to present necessary features without including more data or explaination.
    Data abstraction is a programming technique that relis on the seperation of interface and implementation

c)Inheritence
    Mechanism of deriving a new class from an old class is called inheritence.
    The old class is known as base class

d) Ploymorphism
    It means ability to take more than one form.


CLASS AND OBJECTS

a) Everything in C++ is associated wiht classes and objects, along with its attributes and methods
b) They are basically variables and functions that belongs to the class.Known as class members
c) User-defined data type that we can use in our programming and works as an object constructor, or a blue print for creating objects

CLASS METHODS 
Methods are functions that belongs to the class . They define the best action taken by boject


class Student{
    public:
        //Declaration of state properties
        string name;
        int rolNo;
        static int age; 
        //Declaration of Actions
        void diaplay(){
            //instance methods
            //method body
        }
};



ACESS SPECIFIERS
members- attributes methods
public -members are accessible form outside the class
private- members cannot be accessed (or viewed from outside) the class
protected- members cannot be accessed form outside the class , however they can be accessed in inherited classes.
by default are inherited classes


DEFAULT COPYING
By default, objects can be copied. In particular a class object can be initialized with a copy of an object of its class.

Dated d1=my_birthday;
Dated d2{my_birthday};

Copy of a class object is a copy of each member


STATIC MEMBERS OF C++
Declare a member of a class as static it means no matter how many objects of the class are created, there is only one copy of thr static member.
A static member is shared by all of the objects of the class
All static data is initialized to zero when the first object is created, if no other initialization is present.
Independent of any particular object of the class
A static member function can only access static data member , other static member functions and any other functions and any other functions from outside the class.


Class Box{
    public:
        static int objectCount;
        static int getCount(){
            return length;
        }
    private:
        double length;
};

Box::getCount();


PASSING AND RETURNING OBJECT IN CPP

Pass class objects as arguments and also return them from a function and the same way we pass and return other variables

PASSING AN OBJECT AS ARGUEMENT

To pass an object as an argument we write the object names as argument 
while calling the function the same way we do it for other variable


eg- fun(A a){
    //Method
}
